# Orange County Science and Engineering Fair (OCSEF) Projects
* 2018 - Circle Inversion: Circle inversion can be used to solve difficult problems such as proving Pappus’ theorem by visually showing similarity between circles and their inverted images. However, it may not be trivial to see the inversion without proper drawings and calculations. Since it wasn’t practical to draw circles with various sizes and calculate their inversions on paper, I decided to develop a computer program with graphics features to draw basic shapes such as points, lines, and circles. This program let me simulate circle inversion and Pappus chain visually, while also showing the calculations. I decided to develop a web page in HTML and JavaScript with client-side coding. It runs in the latest browsers on all computers and mobile devices. I share this software application as an open-source tool with anyone interested: http://sukarablog.weebly.com 
* 2019 - Heart Disease: Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the world, claiming 1 in 3 deaths globally. Physicians run several tests to identify whether a patient is at risk, but it’s hard to rely on the result of a single test to make their final decision. Instead, it’s a combination of several factors, and sometimes it may be hard to pinpoint the potential risk among too many parameters. My objective is to develop a web application for physicians to predict a patient’s heart disease diagnosis by running a machine learning algorithm behind the scenes. Medical personnel can also add new patient data into the model to improve its accuracy over time. The tool can be used on any computer or mobile device: http://heartdx.weebly.com
* 2020 - ETT: Rapid and accurate assessment of endotracheal tube (ETT) location is essential in the intensive care unit (ICU) setting, where timely identification of a mispositioned support device may prevent significant patient morbidity and mortality. This study proposes a series of deep learning-based algorithms which together iteratively identify and localize the position of an ETT relative to the carina on chest radiographs. A serial cascaded CNN approach demonstrates high accuracy for both identification and localization of ETT tip and carina on chest radiographs. Publication: "Identification and Localization of Endotracheal Tube on Chest Radiographs Using a Cascaded Convolutional Neural Network Approach". DOI: 10.1007/s10278-021-00463-0. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/34027589/
* 2021 - FGT: About 1 in 8 U.S. women will develop breast cancer in their lifetime. Breast density is a strong indicator for breast cancer. Women with extremely dense breasts have a sixfold greater risk of developing breast cancer. This study is about the assessment of breast density by using unsupervised deep learning algorithms. I trained a variational autoencoder algorithm on 6,987 patient mammograms without any manual annotations of the dense regions of the breast. With the use of the encoder model, I was able to predict the breast density as the ratio of the fibro glandular tissue to the whole breast accurately. 
